<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<!-- saved from url=(0061)http://iba3/director_communication/executive_commitee_new.htm -->
<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>MINUTES OF THE  37th MEETING OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF IBA HELD ON MARCH 9, 2009 
</TITLE>
<META http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=windows-1252">
<SCRIPT language=JavaScript type=text/JavaScript>
<!--
function MM_swapImgRestore() { //v3.0
  var i,x,a=document.MM_sr; for(i=0;a&&i<a.length&&(x=a[i])&&x.oSrc;i++) x.src=x.oSrc;
}

function MM_preloadImages() { //v3.0
  var d=document; if(d.images){ if(!d.MM_p) d.MM_p=new Array();
    var i,j=d.MM_p.length,a=MM_preloadImages.arguments; for(i=0; i<a.length; i++)
    if (a[i].indexOf("#")!=0){ d.MM_p[j]=new Image; d.MM_p[j++].src=a[i];}}
}

function MM_findObj(n, d) { //v4.01
  var p,i,x;  if(!d) d=document; if((p=n.indexOf("?"))>0&&parent.frames.length) {
    d=parent.frames[n.substring(p+1)].document; n=n.substring(0,p);}
  if(!(x=d[n])&&d.all) x=d.all[n]; for (i=0;!x&&i<d.forms.length;i++) x=d.forms[i][n];
  for(i=0;!x&&d.layers&&i<d.layers.length;i++) x=MM_findObj(n,d.layers[i].document);
  if(!x && d.getElementById) x=d.getElementById(n); return x;
}

function MM_swapImage() { //v3.0
  var i,j=0,x,a=MM_swapImage.arguments; document.MM_sr=new Array; for(i=0;i<(a.length-2);i+=3)
   if ((x=MM_findObj(a[i]))!=null){document.MM_sr[j++]=x; if(!x.oSrc) x.oSrc=x.src; x.src=a[i+2];}
}
//-->
</SCRIPT>

<META content="MSHTML 6.00.2900.2180" name=GENERATOR></HEAD>
<BODY style="TEXT-ALIGN: right" bottomMargin=0 background=images/bg.jpg 
topMargin=0>
<DIV align=center>
<BLOCKQUOTE>
  <TABLE id=table1 cellSpacing=0 cellPadding=0 width=769 border=0>
    <TBODY>
    <TR>
      <TD width=769 colSpan=3 height=195><IMG height=195 
        src="images/header.jpg" width=769 border=0></TD></TR>
    <TR>
      <TD width=31 background=images/left_side_top.jpg height=55>&nbsp;</TD>
      <TD width=695 background=images/top_title.jpg bgColor=#ffffff>
        &nbsp;</TD>
      <TD width=43 background=images/right_side_top.jpg>&nbsp;</TD></TR>
    <TR>
      <TD width=31 background=images/left_side.jpg height=55>&nbsp;</TD>
     <td width="694" background="images/main.jpg" align=right bgcolor="#FFFFFF">
				
<form method="get" name="frmSiteSearch" action="executive_commitee_search.asp">
 <input type="TEXT" name="search" maxlength="50" size="14">&nbsp; 
	<input name="imageField" type="image" src="images/search_button.gif" border="0"><input type="hidden" name="mode" value="allwords"></form></td>      <TD width=43 background=images/right_side.jpg>&nbsp;</TD></TR>
    <TR>
      <TD vAlign=top width=31 background=images/left_side.jpg>&nbsp;</TD>
      <TD width=695 background=images/main.jpg>
<table>
<tr>
<td>

<p class=MsoNormal align=center style='text-align:center'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><u><b><span lang=EN-GB>MINUTES
OF THE MEETING OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF IBA HELD ON MARCH 9, 2009 (THIRTY EIGHTH
MEETING)</span></b></u></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2">
<span lang=EN-GB><o:p>&nbsp;</o:p></span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The 38<sup>th</sup>
meeting of the Executive Committee of IBA was held on Monday, March 9, 2009 at 9:30
a.m. at the IBA Main Campus. The following were present:</span></font></p>

<ol style="margin-top:0in" start="1">
	<li class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify;mso-list:l20 level1 lfo1;
     tab-stops:list .5in'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Dr. 
	<st1:PersonName w:st="on">Ishrat
      Husain</st1:PersonName><span style='mso-tab-count:3'>                              </span>Director</span></font></li>
	<li class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify;mso-list:l20 level1 lfo1;
     tab-stops:list .5in'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Dr. Muhammad Nishat<span
     style='mso-tab-count:2'>                       </span>Associate Dean </span>
	</font></li>
	<li class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify;mso-list:l20 level1 lfo1;
     tab-stops:list .5in'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Dr. Sayeed Ghani<span
     style='mso-tab-count:3'>                             </span>Associate
     Dean</span></font></li>
	<li class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify;mso-list:l20 level1 lfo1;
     tab-stops:list .5in'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Capt. (Retd.)
	<st1:PersonName w:st="on">Ahmed
      Zaheer</st1:PersonName> PN <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      &nbsp;&nbsp;
	</span>Registrar
     </span></font></li>
	<li class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify;mso-list:l20 level1 lfo1;
     tab-stops:list .5in'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Mr. 
	<st1:PersonName w:st="on">Mobin
      Khalili</st1:PersonName><span style='mso-tab-count:3'>                               
	</span>Controller
     of Examinations</span></font></li>
	<li class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify;mso-list:l20 level1 lfo1;
     tab-stops:list .5in'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Mr. 
	<st1:PersonName w:st="on">Ali
      Taha</st1:PersonName><span style='mso-tab-count:4'>                                    </span>Director
     Finance</span></font></li>
	<li class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify;mso-list:l20 level1 lfo1;
     tab-stops:list .5in'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Mr. Rehan-ul-Ambia Riaz<span
     style='mso-tab-count:2'>                  &nbsp; </span>Director Projects</span></font></li>
	<li class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify;mso-list:l20 level1 lfo1;
     tab-stops:list .5in'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Dr. Arshad B. Siddiqi<span
     style='mso-tab-count:3'>                         </span>Director I.T.</span></font></li>
	<li class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify;mso-list:l20 level1 lfo1;
     tab-stops:list .5in'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Ms. Ayesha A. Menai<span
style='mso-tab-count:3'>                        </span>Director H.R.</span></font></li>
	<li class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify;mso-list:l20 level1 lfo1;
     tab-stops:list .5in'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Mr. Zafar Siddiqui<span style='mso-tab-count:3'>                             </span>Director
CED</span></font></li>
</ol>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The following
items were discussed:</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-indent:
-1.0in'><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><span lang=EN-GB>
<font face="Verdana" size="2">Item No. 1<span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span></font><u><font face="Verdana" size="2">Budget 2009-10 – Status report from
Director Finance. </font> <o:p></o:p></u></span></b></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l29 level2 lfo2;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">1.1</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director Finance presented
the status report on the budget formats submitted to Finance Department till March
7, 2009. He stated that the budget formats from the office of Associate Deans,
Internal Audit Department and Centre for Executive Education have not yet been received.
</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l29 level2 lfo2;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">1.2</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Dr. Muhammad Nishat stated that
he has presented the library budget and also submitted estimate for faculty
training and development. He said that at this stage they cannot give exact
number of faculty to be provided training and development; they can only
provide estimates for faculty training and development.<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>   </span></span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>DECISIONS</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l29 level2 lfo2;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">1.3</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director clarified that
once the budget is submitted by a department, it should not be considered as
final because it would go through various iteration processes. He said that the
budget for faculty training and development will be on aggregate and not on
individual’s name. The Director requested the Director Finance to include the
sources of funding in the budget i.e. HEC funding, IBA’s own resources and
other donors disbursements such as Aman Foundation. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l29 level2 lfo2;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">1.4</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Regarding Internal Audit
Department, the Director said that he would not like to expand Internal Audit
Department too much. But he said that the Internal Audit Department may engage
Consultancy Services for specific assignments for which inhouse capacity is not
available. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l29 level2 lfo2;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">1.5</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director said that Mirza
Izhar Hussain, Director CEE has not yet prepared business plan for his Centre. The
Director requested Director Finance to coordinate with Mirza Izhar Hussain.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-indent:
-1.0in'><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><span lang=EN-GB>
<font face="Verdana" size="2">Item No. 2<span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span><u>To consider emails of February 25 from
Mr. <st1:PersonName w:st="on">Mobin Khalili</st1:PersonName> on Absence Report
on 1<sup>st</sup> Term Exam. </u></font><o:p></o:p></span></b></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>2.1 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>Mr. <st1:PersonName
w:st="on">Mobin Khalili</st1:PersonName> in his e-mail of February 25, 2009
attached a list of administrative staff of various departments who did not
report to the invigilation duties assigned to them during the First Term exam
at the Main Campus from February 12 to 18, 2009.<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span>He stated in his email that all staff members
and their respective heads were informed well in advance about the invigilation
duties assigned to them. He suggested that those staff members who do not take
such an important assignment seriously should be warned and informed that the
invigilation duties to the administrative staff are assigned in accordance with
a policy decision by the Executive Committee and non-compliance will lead to
disciplinary action. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='mso-margin-top-alt:auto;mso-margin-bottom-alt:auto;
margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>2.2 <span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Director wanted to know the names of
those who did not perform their invigilation duties second time. Mr. Khalili
said that he would provide the names of those who absented themselves second
time. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='mso-margin-top-alt:auto;mso-margin-bottom-alt:auto;
margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>2.3 <span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Director further said that there
should be a system of obtaining signature from every individual who is assigned
invigilation duty. Mr. Khalili confirmed that signature of individuals is
obtained. The Director also suggested that notice of invigilation duty should
be sent through email to all concerned with request for acknowledgment of
receipt of emails. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='mso-margin-top-alt:auto;mso-margin-bottom-alt:auto;
margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>2.4<span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>       </span>The Director requested the Registrar to
get a survey of all the staff to know if they all have access to IBA email.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>DECISION</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>2.5 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Committee decided
that the heads of the departments would ensure that the staff members of their
respective departments who are assigned invigilation duties report for
invigilation duties and do not remain absent without valid authorization and
advance notice. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>ACTION</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>2.6 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Controller of
Examinations would present the names of those staff members who did not perform
invigilation duties second time to the Registrar for calling explanation and
issuing warning to them. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>2.7<span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>       </span>The Registrar will get a survey of the accessibility
of IBA emails to all staff. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-indent:
-1.0in'><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><span lang=EN-GB>
<font face="Verdana" size="2">Item No. 3<span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span><u>To consider email of March 4, 2009 from
Mr. <st1:PersonName w:st="on">Mobin Khalili</st1:PersonName> on the subject of
Computers and Printers for faculty to type and print exam papers. </u></font><o:p></o:p></span></b></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'><span
style='mso-ansi-language:EN-US'><font face="Verdana" size="2">3.1 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The
Controller of Examinations in his email of February 17, 2009 to Dr. Arshad
Siddiqi, referred to the EC decision for arranging computers and printers at
both campuses for the faculty to exclusively use for the typing and printing of
question papers. He stated that he had pointed out to the EC the importance and
urgency of this arrangement on the basis of few incidents that came to his
knowledge when question papers were typed by certain teachers on the computers
in the City Campus faculty room but the print out of those papers popped out
from the printers located somewhere else. He said that such incidents happened
again. He said that such incidents could prove catastrophic for the credibility
of their examination system. He suggested that in addition to separate
computers and printers for faculty for typing and printing of question papers,
the faculty room computers should not be linked with any other printers except
those that are in the faculty room for the sake of confidentiality. </font> <o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'><span
style='mso-ansi-language:EN-US'><font face="Verdana" size="2">3.2 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The
Director I.T. said that the computer in the faculty room is not attached with
other printers. He also said that some PCs in faculty room have been upgraded
with 1GB RAMs and four more will be upgraded as soon as they get the RAMs.<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span></font><o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'><span
style='mso-ansi-language:EN-US'><font face="Verdana" size="2">3.3<span style='mso-tab-count:1'>       </span>The
Director appreciated that Dr. Arshad Siddiqi has upgraded the RAMs of the PCs
in faculty room and four more would be up-graded. </font> <o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><span style='mso-ansi-language:
EN-US'><font face="Verdana" size="2">DECISION</font><o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'><span
style='mso-ansi-language:EN-US'><font face="Verdana" size="2">3.4<span style='mso-tab-count:1'>       </span>The
Committee advised Dr. Arshad Siddiqi to arrange to procure heavy duty printer
for faculty room. In the meantime, the Committee requested Dr. Arshad Siddiqi
to ensure that the PCs in the faculty room are connected with the Printer
placed in the faculty room only and disconnected from all other printers.<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span></font><o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>ACTION</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l15 level2 lfo29;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">3.5</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Dr. Arshad Siddiqi is to ensure
that the PCs in the faculty room are connected with the printers placed in the
faculty room and they have no connection with other printers.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'>&nbsp;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-indent:
-1.0in'><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><span lang=EN-GB>
<font face="Verdana" size="2">Item No. 4<span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span></font><u><font face="Verdana" size="2">To consider proposal from Director
Projects for inclusion of Registrar and G.M. (P&amp;D) on the Furniture
Committee. </font> <o:p></o:p></u></span></b></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>4.1 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>Mr. Rehan-ul-Ambia
Riaz, Director Projects stated that besides him, there were three more members
on the Furniture Committee namely; (1) Dr. Sayeed Ghani, (2) Mr. <st1:PersonName
w:st="on">Mobin Khalili</st1:PersonName>, and (3) Dr. Arshad Siddiqi. However,
Dr. Sayeed Ghani withdrew from this Committee. Mr. Rehan-ul-Ambia proposed that
Capt. (R.) <st1:PersonName w:st="on">Ahmed Zaheer</st1:PersonName>, Registrar,
and Mr. Shameem Ahmed, G.M. (P&amp;D) should also be included in the Furniture
Committee. He also suggested that there should be a quorum of three members
because all members are unable to meet at one time. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>DECISION</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>4.2<span style='mso-tab-count:1'>       </span>The Executive Committee
approved the proposal of Mr. Rehan-ul-Ambia Riaz for inclusion of the Registrar
and the G.M.(P&amp;D) on the Furniture Committee and also agreed to fix a
quorum of three members for the meeting. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>ACTION</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>4.3 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Director Projects
would issue a notification of inclusion of Registrar and the G.M. (P&amp;D) on
the Furniture Committee. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-indent:
-1.0in'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><span lang=EN-GB>Item No. 5<span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span><u>To consider email from Dr. Awais Ahmed
Tipu regarding earned leave. </u></span></b></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>5.1<span style='mso-tab-count:1'>       </span>Dr. Awais Ahmed Tipu
who served as faculty member of the IBA till August 7, 2008 claimed that
according to 2.1(c) of the IBA Leave Rule which says that, “<i
style='mso-bidi-font-style:normal'>The Director and the teaching staff, i.e.
staff engaged in the work of teaching, will not be entitled to encash annual
leave(s) unless the IBA engages them in some mandatory activity during the
semester break”, </i><span style='mso-spacerun:yes'> </span>he is entitled to
encashment of Earned Leave as he was assigned a course to teach during Summer
2008. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>DECISION</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>5.2 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Committee noted
that as Dr. Awais Tipu was assigned a course in Summer 2008, he could not avail
his Earned Leave and continued teaching till the completion of three months’
notice period on August 7, 2008. The Committee allowed Dr. Awais Tipu the
encashment of his Earned Leave which was reported to be 59 days. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>ACTION</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>5.3 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Director Finance
will arrange encashment of Earned Leave of Dr. Awais Ahmed Tipu. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-indent:
-1.0in'><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><span lang=EN-GB>
<font face="Verdana" size="2">Item No. 6<span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>Status Report from Director Projects on
Physical Infrastructure Projects under implementation.</font><o:p></o:p></span></b></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>6.1 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Director Projects
presented status report on physical infrastructure projects under
implementation which included Centre for Entrepreneurship Development and
Incubation Centre, Existing Academic Block of Main Campus and City Campus, New
Boys Hostel at Main Campus, Visiting Faculty Hostel at IBA Staff Town,
Multipurpose Building, External Development (Main Campus), Master Plan of City
Campus, Student Centre, Auditorium Main Campus. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>6.2 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Director Projects
also briefed the Committee of the progress of on-going projects and works which
included renovation/refurbishment works at City Campus, renovation/refurbishment
works at the Boys’ Hostel, Main Campus, <span style='mso-spacerun:yes'> </span>Lab
16 and Server Room, Wooden partition Offices at the ground floor,
Administration, Main Campus, Soil Testing, Water &amp; Sewerage Lines at the
Main Campus, 500 KVA Generator for the City Campus, appointment of Electrical
Consultant, Girls’ Hostel Extension, Video Conference Room at the City Campus,
Renting of APWA premises, Collaboration with Pakistan Medical Association for
use of their open areas.<span style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span>The Director
Projects also briefed on the status of property ownership matter being handled
by GM(P&amp;D) with the Military Estate Office. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>6.3 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Director Projects
informed that the renovation of the existing boys’ hostel including kitchen,
gym, laundry, and dining hall will be completed by June 30, 2009.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>6.4 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Director Projects
informed the Committee that the construction work of multi-purpose building has
been started and it would be complete by the end of September 2009.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>6.5 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Director advised
the Director Projects that he should simultaneously plan for the IT facilities,
electrical supply system, furniture and the space to be given to library in the
multipurpose building so that the building becomes fully functional when the
construction work is complete. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>6.6 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>Regarding renovation of
the auditorium the Director Projects said that M/s. Icon were advised to submit
detailed drawings and tender documents in February 2009. He said that the
documents were expected to be received now in March 2009. All tender drawing
and documents have been approved as per the original concept already approved
by the Board. He said that he has informed M/s. Icon that construction of gallery
in the auditorium is not technically feasible. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>6.7 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Director advised
the Director Projects not to make payment to M/s. Icon for the drawings if they
do not give us detailed drawings. He asked the Director Projects to replace the
existing facilities in the auditorium such as false ceiling, chairs and
commissioning of central air-conditioning system in phase 1 and to carry out
the construction of exterior works in phase 2.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>6.8 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Director Projects
said that the renovation and replacement work of phase 1 at the IBA Main Campus
Auditorium would be completed by the end of December 2009.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>6.9 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>The Registrar said
that he would get the existing chairs from the Auditorium of Main Campus
removed by March 30, 2009.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>6.10 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>    </span>Regarding renting of
APWA premises, the Director Projects suggested that we should sign three years
agreement with APWA with the provision of extension of contract for another one
year.<span style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span>The members agreed to his
proposal. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>6.11 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>    </span>To a question whether
we should shift UGL or not to APWA premises, the Director Projects said that he
would consult M/s. ICON to determine whether UGL and Research Centre will be
disturbed by the planned construction work.<span style='mso-spacerun:yes'> 
</span>He said that the Server Room will not be affected as it would be
isolated.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>DECISION</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>6.12 <span style='mso-tab-count:1'>    </span>The status report as
presented by the Director Projects was noted. The Committee also agreed to the
comments / observations made by the Director. The following deadlines were
given to Director Projects:</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-indent:
-.5in;mso-list:l23 level1 lfo38;tab-stops:list 1.0in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">i)</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Renovation of the existing
Boys’ Hostel to be completed by June 30, 2009.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-indent:
-.5in;mso-list:l23 level1 lfo38;tab-stops:list 1.0in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">ii)</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Multipurpose building fully
functional and operational by September 30, 2009</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-indent:
-.5in;mso-list:l23 level1 lfo38;tab-stops:list 1.0in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">iii)</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</font></span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Main Campus auditorium preferable
date September 1, 2009 but can be extended by one month.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-indent:
-1.0in'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><span lang=EN-GB>Item No. 7<span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span><u>Any other item with the permission of
the Chair. </u></span></b></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-indent:
-.5in'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>a)<span style='mso-spacerun:yes'>   </span><span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'>Management
of the donation made by Aman Foundation to IBA in the IBA Budget. </b></span>
</font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l2 level2 lfo32;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.1</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director said that there
are two major segments for which Aman Foundation has made the donation; one is
I.T. and the other pertains to Projects (multi-storeyed building and Centre for
Entrepreneurship Development). He said that he has asked the Director I.T. to
give details of the expenditures made on I.T. related equipments for
reimbursement by Aman Foundation. For clarity, he said that all expenses
related to above segments will be out of the IBA budget but the source of
funding will be Aman Foundation. The execution will be done by the Project
Committee. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l2 level2 lfo32;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.2</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director Projects suggested
that if the building is constructed by Aman Foundation and handed over to IBA
as a gift, it would facilitate fast decision making otherwise the building will
be delayed in following the prevailing procedures.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l2 level2 lfo32;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.3</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Dr. <st1:PersonName w:st="on">Sayeed
 Ghani</st1:PersonName> suggested that the Aman Foundation may get the building
projects completed through their Contractor and handover the completed projects
to us on turn key basis as a gift.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>DECISION</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l2 level2 lfo32;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.4</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The matter was discussed in
detail. The Director said that we have to find a methodology by which at the
end of the day the Centre is transferred to us as a gift by Aman Foundation. Meanwhile
the Director Projects is to provide estimate of multi-storeyed building to
Director Finance for inclusion in the budget.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l2 level2 lfo32;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.5</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director asked the Director
I.T. to include expenditures related to ERP, video-conferencing facilities for
both the auditoria, linking the City and Main Campuses as a virtual network and
technology requirements for the next three to four years in the budget to be
charged to Aman Foundation. Video conferencing facilities should be made
available in all the four classrooms allocated to MBA program at the City and
Main Campuses.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l2 level2 lfo32;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.6</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director also suggested
that the Director I.T. should talk to “Wateen” for making our projects I.T. enabled
through broad band wireless connectivity and their optic fibre pipe. <span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>   </span></span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify'><b
style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><span lang=EN-GB>
<font face="Verdana" size="2">b)<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>   </span>Observations of Director H.R. on the
workload of Director Projects</font><o:p></o:p></span></b></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>7.8<span style='mso-tab-count:1'>       </span>The Director H.R.
observed that the Director Projects has to take double load because of two
campuses.<span style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span>It requires more time to do
things.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>7.9<span style='mso-tab-count:1'>       </span>The Director Projects
said that the distribution of the total load in percentage is 39% for new
projects which will be his responsibility plus 46% of the existing projects
whereas Mr. Shameem Ahmed will have 17% of the work load.<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span>He said that he will have a senior Project
Manager and his team for the two Aman Foundation funded buildings whose salaries
and benefits would be charged to Aman Foundation. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>DECISIONS</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>7.10<span style='mso-tab-count:1'>     </span>The Director
appreciated the efforts the Director Projects has made on making a complete
review of all the on-going and proposed projects and compiling projects related
documents. He advised the Director Projects that whenever he feels that he is
overloaded he should come to the Director and talk to him. He asked the
Director Projects to discuss with Aman Foundation regarding the team he would require
for execution of the project.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>7.11<span style='mso-tab-count:1'>     </span>The Director also appreciated
the initiatives being taken by the Registrar in getting the auditorium works
completed in time. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span
lang=EN-GB>c)<span style='mso-spacerun:yes'>   </span><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:
normal'>Reorganization of Student Societies<span style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span></b></span>
</font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.12</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director said that
students’ societies such as BASC, BITS, ESF would be redundant because of the
flexible policy of taking classes at both the campuses in which a student may take
one class in the Main Campus and another class at the City Campus. He proposed
that from next year we should have one IBA wide elected students’ Society only
instead of three. The Society will have elected office bearers. He said that
some students came to him with transition plan suggesting that one main society
be formed after one year but in the meanwhile two societies be formed; one for
Main Campus and another for City Campus or there should be one Society but it should
have its chapters at two campuses. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.13</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director suggested that
under the Main Society, there would be 24 to 27 clubs. If anybody who is
interested in Finance will become member of the Finance Club and those who are
interested in H.R. will become members of H.R. Club and son on.<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span>So membership will be based on professional
interest. Another club will be based on talent such as photography, literary
activities, sports, drama, art etc. The third will be service oriented like
IQRA, Go Green, community welfare. The Patron of the societies / clubs will be
the faculty members. Office bearers will be elected from amongst the members.
Interested candidates will give their plan and through secret ballot elections
of Vice President, General Secretary, Treasurer will be held. The societies
will be given budget; some of the amount will be given to larger societies and
some to smaller societies.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.14</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Registrar suggested that
the societies grouped under these main headings namely: Co-curricular Society,
Extra-curricular society, Organizing Committee/Society etc. He said that he
would present the structure of the proposed societies in the next meeting. </span>
</font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.15</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Mr. <st1:PersonName w:st="on">Mobin
 Khalili</st1:PersonName> said that one society with two chapters should be
introduced from Fall Semester starting from September this year so that
required changes can be made in the subsequent semesters. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>DECISION</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.16</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Committee agreed to the
proposal of making one society instead of campus and program based
societies.<span style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span>The Committee requested the
Registrar to present the proposed structure of the society before the Executive
Committee as soon as possible. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>ACTION</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.17</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Registrar would present the
proposed structure of the society before the Executive Committee.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.75in;text-align:justify;text-indent:
-.25in'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><span lang=EN-GB>d) <span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>  </span>Procurement of BlackBerry handsets with
service and Mobilink Infinity Internet Access. </span></b></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.18</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Senior Manager I.T. through
Director I.T. presented a proposal for providing six BlackBerry handsets to
I.T. department so that complaints of the users can be addressed to in minimum
possible time.<span style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span>He also suggested that to
provide 24x7 IT support services, the IT department should also be provided an
official internet connection so that they could be connected anytime or can
remotely support service or perform troubleshooting on servers from home. </span>
</font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.19</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director asked the Director
I.T. if he was convinced that providing BlackBerry handsets will make a
material difference to the standards of service.<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span>The Director I.T. said that by providing
BlackBerry we will be able to see the response time i.e. in how much time the
problem was resolved. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.20</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director H.R. said that those
who are on sensitive assignments will have to be available all the time.
Moreover there are others who need to be provided such facility. She suggested
that instead of BlackBerry which is costly, we can provide cell phones. </span>
</font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.21</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Mr. <st1:PersonName w:st="on">Mobin
 Khalili</st1:PersonName> said that there is a problem in BlackBerry. It takes
time for replacement if there is any fault. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.22</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director I.T. said that a
provision of immediate replacement could be included in the agreement.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.23</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>It was also suggested that like
I.T. personnel, Maintenance and Security coordinators should also be provided
cell phones.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>DECISION</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.24</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Committee decided that
persons in critical positions such as I.T., Maintenance, Security would be
provided cell phones. The Director H.R. would suggest the amount for
reimbursement for call charges for such personnel.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.25</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Dean &amp; Director
authorized the directors that if these cell phones are required to be given to
the IBA officials during the course of work which is necessary for the smooth
functioning of the organization, the directors can do so. There is no need to
bring such matters to the Executive Committee for approval. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.26</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2">The Director asked the
concerned departments to place the cell numbers of the personnel to be provided
IBA cell phones on the IBA portal as well as on the Notice Boards.<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes' lang="EN-GB">   </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify;text-indent:.5in'><b
style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><span lang=EN-GB>
<font face="Verdana" size="2">e)<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>   </span>Group emails for students.</font><o:p></o:p></span></b></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.27</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director said that group
email for students is not available.<span style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span>He
said that there should be group email program-wise and for all students.<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span>All IBA students should have an IBA email
account. <span style='mso-spacerun:yes'> </span>He asked the Director I.T. to
involve program offices to screen out which students do not have IBA email
account. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>DECISION</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.28</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director I.T. will get a
group email account prepared for all students and another program-wise group
email for students. </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.75in;text-align:justify;text-indent:
-.25in;mso-list:l5 level1 lfo35;tab-stops:list .75in'><![if !supportLists]><b
style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'>
<span style='mso-list:
Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">f)</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span></b><![endif]><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><span
lang=EN-GB><font face="Verdana" size="2">Miscellaneous issues.</font><o:p></o:p></span></b></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.29</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director advised the
Director I.T. to arrange a small ceremony for giving lap tops to the faculty
when the lap tops are received.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.30</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Mr. <st1:PersonName w:st="on">Mobin
 Khalili</st1:PersonName> said that the PCs and printers of the Program Office
of the Main Campus are not connected with the Main UPS.<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span>Similarly, the PCs and printers at the
Evening Program office are not linked with the main UPS.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.5in;
mso-list:l8 level2 lfo33;tab-stops:list .5in'><![if !supportLists]>
<span style='mso-list:Ignore' lang="EN-GB"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.31</font><span style='font-style:normal; font-variant:normal; font-weight:normal; font-family:Verdana'><font size="2">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</font>
</span></span><![endif]><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>The Director I.T. assured that
he would get the PCs and printers at Main Campus as well as Evening Program
office connected to the main UPS.</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2">
<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes' lang="EN-GB">   </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>There being no
other issues, the meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the Chair. </span>
</font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB><o:p>&nbsp;</o:p></span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'>&nbsp;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>___________________<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>    </span><span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>      </span>______________<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>   </span><span style='mso-tab-count:1'>     </span><span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>    </span>____________________<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>   </span></span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Dr. Mohammad Nishat<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>    </span><span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>       </span>Dr. Sayeed Ghani<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>   </span><span style='mso-tab-count:1'>    </span><span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>    </span>Capt. (R) <st1:PersonName w:st="on">Ahmed
 Zaheer</st1:PersonName><span style='mso-spacerun:yes'>        </span></span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal><font face="Verdana" size="2">
<span style='mso-tab-count:1' lang="EN-GB">            </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal>&nbsp;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>___________<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>         </span><span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>     </span><span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>         </span>____________<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>            </span><span
style='mso-tab-count:1'>   </span>_______________<span
style='mso-spacerun:yes'>      </span></span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal><font face="Verdana" size="2"><st1:Street w:st="on"><st1:address w:st="on"><st1:PersonName
  w:st="on"><span lang=EN-GB>Mobin Khalili</span></st1:PersonName><span
  lang=EN-GB><span style='mso-spacerun:yes'>  </span><span style='mso-tab-count:
  1'>            </span><span style='mso-tab-count:1'>            </span><span
  style='mso-spacerun:yes'>   </span>Ali
  Taha <span style='mso-spacerun:yes'>   </span><span style='mso-tab-count:1'>   </span><span
  style='mso-spacerun:yes'>       </span><span style='mso-tab-count:1'>     </span>Dr.</span></st1:address></st1:Street> Arshad Siddiqi 
<span style='mso-spacerun:yes' lang="EN-GB">      </span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal>&nbsp;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB><o:p>&nbsp;</o:p></span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>_________________<span style='mso-tab-count:
2'>              </span><span style='mso-tab-count:1'>            </span>______________<span
style='mso-tab-count:2'>                    </span>_____________</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>Rehan-ul-Ambia Riaz<span style='mso-tab-count:
3'>                         </span>Ayesha A. Menai<span style='mso-tab-count:
2'>                    </span>Zafar <span style='mso-spacerun:yes'> </span>A. Siddiqi</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB><o:p>&nbsp;</o:p></span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal align=center style='text-align:center'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>APPROVED</span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB><o:p>&nbsp;</o:p></span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal style='text-align:justify'><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB><o:p>&nbsp;</o:p></span></font></p>

<p class=MsoNormal align=center style='text-align:center'>
<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang=EN-GB>­DIRECTOR</span></font></p>

</td>

</tr>

</table>       
 </TD>
      <TD width=43 background=images/right_side.jpg>&nbsp;</TD>
      </TR>
    <TR>
      <TD width="100%" background=images/pg_btm.jpg colSpan=3 
      height=103>&nbsp;</TD></TR>
    <TR>
      <TD width=769 colSpan=3 background="images/footer_.gif" height="43">&nbsp;</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE></BLOCKQUOTE></DIV></BODY></HTML>