<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<!-- saved from url=(0061)http://iba3/director_communication/executive_commitee_new.htm -->
<HTML xmlns:v="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:vml" xmlns:o="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40"><HEAD><TITLE>
MINUTES OF THE 136TH MEETING OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF IBA HELD ON MONDAY, 
JANUARY 10, 2011  </TITLE>
<META http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=windows-1252">
<SCRIPT language=JavaScript type=text/JavaScript>
<!--
function MM_swapImgRestore() { //v3.0
  var i,x,a=document.MM_sr; for(i=0;a&&i<a.length&&(x=a[i])&&x.oSrc;i++) x.src=x.oSrc;
}

function MM_preloadImages() { //v3.0
  var d=document; if(d.images){ if(!d.MM_p) d.MM_p=new Array();
    var i,j=d.MM_p.length,a=MM_preloadImages.arguments; for(i=0; i<a.length; i++)
    if (a[i].indexOf("#")!=0){ d.MM_p[j]=new Image; d.MM_p[j++].src=a[i];}}
}

function MM_findObj(n, d) { //v4.01
  var p,i,x;  if(!d) d=document; if((p=n.indexOf("?"))>0&&parent.frames.length) {
    d=parent.frames[n.substring(p+1)].document; n=n.substring(0,p);}
  if(!(x=d[n])&&d.all) x=d.all[n]; for (i=0;!x&&i<d.forms.length;i++) x=d.forms[i][n];
  for(i=0;!x&&d.layers&&i<d.layers.length;i++) x=MM_findObj(n,d.layers[i].document);
  if(!x && d.getElementById) x=d.getElementById(n); return x;
}

function MM_swapImage() { //v3.0
  var i,j=0,x,a=MM_swapImage.arguments; document.MM_sr=new Array; for(i=0;i<(a.length-2);i+=3)
   if ((x=MM_findObj(a[i]))!=null){document.MM_sr[j++]=x; if(!x.oSrc) x.oSrc=x.src; x.src=a[i+2];}
}
//-->
</SCRIPT>

<META content="MSHTML 6.00.2900.2180" name=GENERATOR>


<style>
<!--
table.MsoTableGrid
	{border:1.0pt solid windowtext;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif"}
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-parent:"";
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif"}
 li.MsoNormal
	{mso-style-parent:"";
	margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	font-size:12.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";
	margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; margin-top:0in}
span.apple-style-span
	{}
-->
</style>
</HEAD>
<BODY style="TEXT-ALIGN: right" bottomMargin=0 background=images/bg.jpg 
topMargin=0>
<DIV align=center>
<BLOCKQUOTE>
  <TABLE id=table1 cellSpacing=0 cellPadding=0 width=769 border=0>
    <TBODY>
    <TR>
      <TD width=769 colSpan=3 height=195><IMG height=195 
        src="images/header.jpg" width=769 border=0></TD></TR>
    <TR>
      <TD width=31 background=images/left_side_top.jpg height=55>&nbsp;</TD>
      <TD width=695 background=images/top_title.jpg bgColor=#ffffff>
        &nbsp;</TD>
      <TD width=43 background=images/right_side_top.jpg>&nbsp;</TD></TR>
    <TR>
      <TD width=31 background=images/left_side.jpg height=55>&nbsp;</TD>
     <td width="694" background="main.jpg" align=right bgcolor="#FFFFFF">
				
<form method="get" name="frmSiteSearch" action="executive_commitee_search.asp">
 <input type="TEXT" name="search" maxlength="50" size="14">&nbsp; 
	<input name="imageField" type="image" src="images/search_button.gif" border="0"><input type="hidden" name="mode" value="allwords"></form></td>      <TD width=43 background=images/right_side.jpg>&nbsp;</TD></TR>
    <TR>
      <TD vAlign=top width=31 background=images/left_side.jpg>&nbsp;</TD>
      <TD width=695 background=images/main.jpg>
<table>
<tr>
<td>

<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang="EN-GB"><div align=center><b>MINUTES OF THE 137TH MEETING OF 
THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF IBA HELD ON MONDAY, <br>
	JANUARY 17, 2011</b></div> <br>
<br>
The 137th meeting of the Executive Committee of IBA was held on Monday, January 
17, 2011 at 9:30 a.m. at IBA Main Campus. The following were present:<br>
<br>
1. Dr. Ishrat Husain &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Dean &amp; Director<br>
2. Dr. Sayeed Ghani &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Associate Dean<br>
3. Dr. Muhammad Nishat&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Associate Dean<br>
4. Capt. (Retd.) Ahmed Zaheer&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; PN Registrar<br>
5. Mr. Ali Taha&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Director Finance<br>
6. Engr. Rehan-ul-Ambia Riaz&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Director Projects<br>
7. Dr. Arshad Siddiqi Director&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ICT<br>
8. Mr. Zafar A. Siddiqui Director&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; CED<br>
9. Ms. Ayesha A. Menai Director &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; H.R.<br>
<br>
The following items were discussed: <br>
<br>
<br>
<u><b>Item No. 1 Open House 2011 – Briefing by the Registrar.</b></u><br>
<br>
1.1 The Registrar giving details of the Open House 2011 stated that the major 
changes from the previous year’s Open House that they have introduced this time 
are that all over Pakistan nine cities / locations have been selected for the 
Open House and for each location one faculty member has been deputed. Jeddah, 
Riyadh and Dubai have been selected for overseas Open House program. <br>
<br>
1.2 The Registrar presented the layout of the ad for IBA Open House. He said 
that some efforts have been made to improve the quality of advertisement. He 
informed the Committee that they would be placing ad in the Khaleej Times also.
<br>
<br>
1.3 The Director said that the group that they are targeting is Pakistani 
expatriate and to them we should give message that the fee in U.K., Canada has 
significantly increased and at IBA they would be provided safe and secure 
facilities.<br>
<br>
1.4 The Registrar said that he has targeted Pakistani schools in Dubai and Saudi 
Arabia.<br>
<br>
1.5 The Director advised the Registrar to disseminate such information to the 
alumni chapter in UAE. He further advised that the information should be tailor 
made; and it has to be different for Saudi Arabia and UAE. <br>
<br>
1.6 The Registrar said that he has made the same ad for both the countries and 
requested to allow this time due to time constraint. <br>
<br>
1.7 The Registrar said that one Open House has been arranged at the Main Campus 
and one at the City Campus and it will be for the MBA and BBA programs. <br>
<br>
DECISION<br>
<br>
1.8 The Committee approved the Open House 2011 program including overseas 
component as presented by the Registrar.<br>
<br>
<br>
<u><b>Item No. 2 To ratify the appointment of Contractors for new Academic Block at 
IBA Main Campus. </b></u> <br>
<br>
2.1 The Director Projects reported that in the last EC meeting the Tender 
Evaluation Report was submitted and the EC had approved the award to the lowest 
bidder i.e. M/s. A. H. Construction (Private) Limited subject to submission of 
import details and reduction of amount of import duty and taxes, verified by the 
Finance Department and the Central Purchase Committee (CPC). <br>
<br>
2.2 The Director Projects reported that M/s. A.H. Construction (Private) Limited 
provided the Performa Invoice and the breakup of the custom duties of the HVAC 
items to be imported and it has also been verified by the Finance Department. 
This was submitted to the CPC in its meeting held on 13th January, 2011 which 
approved the award to the lowest bidder. <br>
<br>
2.3 The Director Projects informed the Committee that this item was presented to 
the A&amp;FC in its meeting held on January 15, 2011 and it was approved by the 
A&amp;FC/BoG with the following decision:<br>
<br>
“The Director Projects to deduct the amount of Rs.9.4 million from Rs.202 
million and in the letter of intent it should be mentioned that they should 
provide the formats of the letters which are to be provided by IBA at the time 
of release of the imported consignments. It was also advised that those formats 
may be obtained now to avoid inconvenience at a later stage. The Contractors be 
asked to provide the details (break up) of the amount of Rs.9.4 million. These 
should also be mentioned in the letter of intent.”<br>
<br>
2.4 The Director Projects requested the Executive Committee to ratify the award 
of work to M/s. A. H. Construction (Private) Limited.<br>
<br>
DECISION<br>
<br>
2.5 The Committee ratified the award of work of new Academic Block at IBA Main 
Campus to M/s. A.H. Construction (Pvt.) Limited.<br>
<br>
<br>
<u><b>Item No. 3 To consider and approve the Terms of Reference for Publication and 
Research Committee of Centre for Business and Economics Research. </b></u> <br>
<br>
3.1 The Director H.R. proposed the following terms of reference for the 
Publication and Research Committee of Centre for Business and Economic Research 
(CBER). She said that the activities would be managed by Publication and 
Research Committee (PRC) which is headed by the Director Research and comprises 
distinguished academicians and practitioners of business field. <br>
<br>
• To assist in developing the research culture at IBA.<br>
• To provide input to the development of IBA research priorities.<br>
• To be responsible directly or indirectly for all core and contract research 
activities at IBA<br>
• To assist in searching for good researchers in the relevant field of business<br>
• To assist in reviewing and assessing the Faculty’s request for financial 
support for research projects. <br>
• To establish collaborative research projects with international and national 
institutions of repute. <br>
• To assist in generation of external research fund for the research activities 
at the Centre. <br>
• To solicit research ideas and funding from the industry and corporate sectors 
for core and contract research. <br>
• To establish collaborative research projects with international and national 
institutions of repute. <br>
• To assist in development, negotiation and implementation of contract research 
proposals<br>
• To be responsible for smooth running and ensuring good quality of core and 
contract research of IBA.<br>
• To organize research seminars workshops/conferences.<br>
• To supervise the initiative of the Working Papers/ Policy Paper series. <br>
• Regularly publishing and updating the quality of IBA Business Review.<br>
• To assist in publishing IBA research in the high quality outlets. <br>
• To develop a team for the dissemination of research through conferences and 
seminars.<br>
<br>
3.2 The Director H.R. suggested that a bicameral sub-committee of the RPC should 
act as the Research Evaluation Committee (REC) to separately evaluate research 
proposals submitted by the Faculty of Business Administration and the Faculty of 
Computer Science. So there will be a Business-REC and a CS-REC. Each REC will 
have a total of 5 members, with 2 members common to both, 2 members from the 
concerned faculty, and 1 member to be chosen from outside IBA based on the 
research to be evaluated. She said that the basic TOR of the REC will be as 
follows:<br>
<br>
• To review and approve research proposals from full time faculty members for 
the purpose of allocating research units.<br>
• To manage and make recommendations regarding any issues pertaining to 
allocation of research units that may arise from time to time.<br>
<br>
3.3 The suggested composition of the Research and Publication Committee is as 
under:<br>
<br>
Dr. Qazi Masood Ahmed (Chairperson and Convener)<br>
Prof. Dr. Mahnaz Fatima<br>
Dr. Ahmed Ali Shah<br>
Dr. Waseem A Khan<br>
Dr. Nasir Tauheed<br>
Dr. Ijaz A. Mian<br>
Dr. Zeenat Ismail<br>
Associate Dean, FBA (Ex-officio)<br>
Associate Dean, FCS (Ex-officio)<br>
Editor of IBA Business Review (Ex-officio)<br>
<br>
3.4 The Director suggested that there should be two committees; one for the FBA 
and another for the FCS and these should be with the Centre for Business and 
Economics Research. However, he invited suggestions from the EC members. <br>
<br>
3.5 Dr. Sayeed Ghani said that the faculty members suggested above are 
reasonable and he was in favour of one Research &amp; Publication Committee. <br>
<br>
3.6 Dr. Muhammad Nishat suggested that since the work is being broadened and the 
FCS is to grow, there should be two committees. However, he suggested that 
initially they may start with one committee but as the demand increases, it 
should be separated into two committees. <br>
<br>
3.7 The Director said that for faculty’s units conversion, one committee will 
work but for research and publication two committees will be appropriate. <br>
<br>
3.8 Dr. Muhammad Nishat said that students’ research has not been incorporated 
and it needs to be thoroughly looked into. <br>
<br>
3.9 Mr. Zafar Siddiqui was in favour of two separate committees.<br>
<br>
3.10 The Director ICT suggested that there should be three committees; one for 
research evaluation, one for Research &amp; Publication for FCS and one for FBA <br>
<br>
DECISION<br>
<br>
3.11 The Committee decided that there would be two Research and Publication 
Committees; one for FBA and one for FCS.<br>
<br>
3.12 The Committee also decided that there would be a single Research Evaluation 
Committee having a total of 5 members, 2 members from each faculty, and 1 member 
to be chosen from outside IBA based on the research to be evaluated. The TOR of 
would basically be:<br>
<br>
• To review and approve research proposals from full time faculty members for 
the purpose of allocating research units.<br>
• To manage and make recommendations regarding any issues pertaining to 
allocation of research units that may arise from time to time.<br>
3.13 The Committee decided that Dr. Qazi Masood Ahmed, Dr. Muhammad Nishat and 
the Director H.R. will revisit the composition and TORs of Research and 
Publication Committees and present them to the EC in two weeks time.<br>
<br>
<br>
<u><b>Item No. 4 Policy on Teaching Assistant’s allocation and related issues. 
</b></u> <br>
<br>
4.1 The Director H.R. stated that there were some ambiguities on the job the 
Teaching Assistants are supposed to perform. In certain cases it was noted that 
the time sheet does not include the details it should contain. She said that the 
question is how IBA can use the TAs in a better way.<br>
<br>
4.2 The Director wanted to know if these issues have been discussed with the 
faculty. He advised the Director H.R. to discuss this with the Associate Deans.<br>
<br>
4.3 Mr. Zafar Siddiqui observed that if the TAs cannot take classes and cannot 
grade scripts if provided solutions, then what the TAs are for. He suggested 
that T.As be allowed to take 10% classes. They should also be allowed to grade 
the scripts provided they are given the solutions also. <br>
<br>
4.4 The Director did not agree with Mr. Zafar Siddiqui on allowing TAs to take 
classes. He advised Dr. Muhammad Nishat to discuss this with the department 
chairs and include the Director H.R. also in his discussion and find out what 
the TAs are doing and what are the justifications for 44 TAs. <br>
<br>
4.5 The Director ICT suggested that grading of MCQs can be done by computer. <br>
<br>
DECISION<br>
<br>
4.6 The Committee requested Dr. Muhammad Nishat and the Director H.R. to discuss 
the TAs assignments with the faculty and department chairs and on the basis of 
the findings present a proposal to the EC.<br>
<br>
4.7 The Committee requested the Director ICT to get a software developed for 
grading MCQs. <br>
<br>
<br>
<u><b>Item No. 5 Any other item with the permission of the Chair. </b></u> <br>
<br>
a) To consider and approve the proposal of Mr. Raza Hasan Abedi, faculty member 
for procurement of Networking Lab and hardware Lab equipment. <br>
<br>
5.1 Mr. Raza Hasan Abedi, Assistant Professor, requested the Executive Committee 
to approve the procurement of equipments for networking lab and hardware lab. He 
presented details of the required equipments. He also stated that the budgetary 
amount for the two labs - Rs.5.22 million and Rs.6.2 million respectively – has 
already been approved. However, he reported that he has been informed by Dr. 
Sayeed Ghani that the full amount of approved allocated budget for the 
Networking Lab might not be available as some portion of it has been utilized 
elsewhere.<br>
<br>
5.2 The Director wanted to know if the listed equipments are the only ones that 
are needed or additional equipments would be needed in subsequent years. <br>
<br>
5.3 Mr. Raza Abedi said that it is a complete requirement for the lab however, 
if in future, the labs are up-graded then additional equipments would be 
required. <br>
<br>
5.4 The Director asked the Director ICT to scrutinize the list and see if there 
is any equipment which his department can currently share with or can be shared 
in future. He also said that the users will only give the requirements and 
specifications of the items needed to the concerned department and the 
department would see the budgetary provision, its cost etc. and present to the 
EC for consideration. <br>
<br>
5.5 The Director ICT said that there are many equipments in the list which are 
CISCO based. He further said that M/s. Viper have offered to create a lab for 
IBA. He also said that he has a meeting scheduled with M/s. Wateen and he would 
discuss with them on this issue also.<br>
<br>
5.6 The Director advised the Director ICT to also see if he can get more 
discount on the required equipments.<br>
<br>
DECISION<br>
<br>
5.7 The Committee advised Mr. Raza Abedi to sort out the requirements with the 
ICT department. The Director ICT would present the final requirements of 
equipments along with cost and budgetary provision to the EC along with the 
offer to be made by Viper and Wateen.<br>
<br>
ACTION<br>
<br>
5.8 The Director ICT would get the requirements of equipments scrutinized and 
see if the existing equipments or the equipments to be procured in future can be 
configured / shared or not. He would also incorporate the offers M/s. Viper and 
M/s. Wateen would be making for creating a lab for IBA and report to the EC. <br>
<br>
<br>
b) To consider and approve the implementation of the extended scope of the level 
1 Support services. <br>
<br>
5.9 The Director ICT reported that the ERP has been implemented and they have 
started the Active Helpdesk Concept. As per the meeting of the Director IBA and 
the ICT staff, the concept of Specialist has been introduced where all Lab staff 
has been assigned to various projects and are being trained to be the specialist 
of that project. He reported that currently IBA has an agreement with M/s. Viper 
for hardware services which is out of warranty, now ICT Department is interested 
to increase the scope of this helpdesk and wanted to incorporate services also 
to be the front end of the Level-I ERP and Hardware Helpdesk Services.<br>
<br>
DECISION<br>
<br>
5.10 The Director suggested not to increase the scope of the helpdesk at this 
stage and advised to make a user group. He said that some of the faculty members 
need lab assistants but their competence level should be high. He said that 
instead of lab assistant and lab attendant, there should be one lab incharge 
with high competence level. He further said that if students are engaged for 
helpdesk that would be better. The Committee agreed with the Director. <br>
<br>
a) Approval for Temporary Data Centre at Main and City Campuses.<br>
<br>
5.11 The Director ICT reported that as the Data Centers are not ready yet at 
both the campuses, ICT is going to install complete computing systems in 
Temporary Data Centers. He informed that that in the Main Campus the Temporary 
Data Center will be located at the central hall presently called as the ERP 
training room in the Multipurpose Building, which will become the Network 
Operation Center (NOC) when the Data Center becomes ready. He reported that the 
temporary Data Center at the City Campus will be new Faculty Room in the Admin 
Building. <br>
<br>
5.12 The Director ICT stated that as these Data Centers are temporary the entire 
electrical infrastructure including whole electrical wirings, electrical DBs, 
electrical breakers, cable tray, etc. will be re-used in the permanent ICT Data 
Centers as they become available in the two campuses. He said that the 
Electrical Engineers have designed the permanent data centre at both campuses. 
He said that the design of the electrical and ancillary works of temporary data 
centres will be prepared so that the electrical works could be reused in the 
permanent data centres at respective sites. He reported that the Electrical 
design of permanent data centre of City Campus has been completed, vetted and 
cost estimate has been received from Electrical Engineer and forwarded to 
Projects Department. He said that the above mentioned sites are urgently 
required as the equipment has been received and rest of the items shall reach in 
February 2011. He said that they have to prepare the site before the arrival of 
additional equipment and deployment. He requested the Executive Committee to 
approve the setting up of the temporary data centres so that works on electrical 
design, BoQ and estimates could be undertaken at both campuses.<br>
<br>
5.13 The Director wanted to know if the setting up of the temporary centres had 
the provisions in the plans of both the campuses. He asked the Director ICT and 
the Director Projects to discuss the plans of both the campuses with him. <br>
<br>
DECISION<br>
<br>
5.14 The Committee decided that the Director ICT and the Director Projects would 
discuss and resolve this issue.<br>
<br>
b) Approval for Project Manager for Data Centre Design Validation.<br>
5.15 The Director ICT stated that since IBA is following the strategy of being a 
World Class University and they are developing a world Class ICT infrastructure 
and Data Centers, it is prudent that they must try to get the accreditations of 
the Data center design. He said that there are various agencies like Data Center 
Validation Services that help in getting the Data Centers meet the international 
standards. He further said that the goal of the Data Center Design Validation 
Services (DCDV) is to validate the design of a new data center and evaluate it 
for compliance to International Standards and Norms such as TIA-942, SS507, 
ISO-24762 and others. The outcome of their evaluation is a report which would 
indicate the level of compliance and what potentially needs to be addressed to 
ensure for a successful and smooth audit that leads to certification. He said 
that their requirement is to follow multiple standards including TIA 942, SS507 
and ISO 24762 which verifies architectural, electrical, telecommunication, 
mechanical, maintenance and documentation aspects of data center. The awarded 
vendor should be adroit in mentioned skills to execute building data center 
project in proper way. This vetted data center design in light of TIA 942 
standard design will enable to reduce the operational expenses. Following data 
center standard, IBA will have energy efficient data center which would also 
save operation cost leading to Green Computing. He requested the Executive 
Committee to approve the hiring the Project Manager Firm. He also specified the 
qualifications required for the Project Manager firms.<br>
<br>
DECISION<br>
<br>
5.16 The Committee did not approve the proposal.<br>
<br>
<br>
c) Reconstitution of the Technical Evaluation Committee.<br>
<br>
5.17 The Committee decided that in place of Mr. Rehan-ul-Ambia and Mr. Shameem 
Ahmed, Mr. Mahmood Bughio would be the convenor of Technical Evaluation 
Committee for Projects Civil works, HEC projects, HVAC, Mechanical, Electrical 
and Other development works. The Committee further decided that Mr. Shabih 
Haider, Assistant Professor would be the Chairman of this Committee. Mr. Shameem 
Ahmed will be a member of the Committee. <br>
<br>
5.18 The Committee also decided that Dr. Shakeel Khoja will be the Chairman of 
the Technical Evaluation Committee for ICT equipment and services. <br>
<br>
5.19 The Committee further decided that since organizational development matters 
including constitution / reconstitution of committees are with H.R. Department, 
notification on such matters shall be issued by the H.R. Department. <br>
<br>
ACTION<br>
<br>
5.20 The Director H.R. would issue a notification on the reconstitution of the 
Technical Evaluation Committees. <br>
<br>
There being no other issues, the meeting was concluded with a vote of thanks to 
the Chair. <br>
<br>
<br><div align="center">
_______________ ___________________ ___________________________ <br>
Dr. Sayeed Ghani Dr. Muhammad Nishat Capt. (Retd.) Ahmed Zaheer PN <br>
<br>
<br>
_____________ ______________________ _______________ <br>
Ali Taha Engr. Rehanul Ambia Riaz Dr. Arshad Siddiqi<br>
<br>
<br>
______________ ______________ <br>
Zafar A. Siddiqui Ayesha A. Menai<br>
<br>
APPROVED<br>
<br>
DIRECTOR</div><br>
&nbsp;</span></font></p></td>

</tr>

<tr>
<td>

&nbsp;</td>

</tr>

</table>       
 </TD>
      <TD width=43 background=images/right_side.jpg>&nbsp;</TD>
      </TR>
    <TR>
      <TD width=769 background=images/pg_btm.jpg colSpan=3 
      height=103>&nbsp;</TD></TR>
    <TR>
      <TD width=769 colSpan=3><IMG height=43 src="images/footer_.gif" 
        width=769 border=0></TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE></BLOCKQUOTE></DIV></BODY></HTML>