<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN">
<!-- saved from url=(0061)http://iba3/director_communication/executive_commitee_new.htm -->
<HTML xmlns:v="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:vml" xmlns:o="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40"><HEAD><TITLE>
MINUTES OF 290TH MEETING OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF IBA HELD ON MONDAY, MARCH 
31, 2014</TITLE>
<META http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=windows-1252">
<SCRIPT language=JavaScript type=text/JavaScript>
<!--
function MM_swapImgRestore() { //v3.0
  var i,x,a=document.MM_sr; for(i=0;a&&i<a.length&&(x=a[i])&&x.oSrc;i++) x.src=x.oSrc;
}

function MM_preloadImages() { //v3.0
  var d=document; if(d.images){ if(!d.MM_p) d.MM_p=new Array();
    var i,j=d.MM_p.length,a=MM_preloadImages.arguments; for(i=0; i<a.length; i++)
    if (a[i].indexOf("#")!=0){ d.MM_p[j]=new Image; d.MM_p[j++].src=a[i];}}
}

function MM_findObj(n, d) { //v4.01
  var p,i,x;  if(!d) d=document; if((p=n.indexOf("?"))>0&&parent.frames.length) {
    d=parent.frames[n.substring(p+1)].document; n=n.substring(0,p);}
  if(!(x=d[n])&&d.all) x=d.all[n]; for (i=0;!x&&i<d.forms.length;i++) x=d.forms[i][n];
  for(i=0;!x&&d.layers&&i<d.layers.length;i++) x=MM_findObj(n,d.layers[i].document);
  if(!x && d.getElementById) x=d.getElementById(n); return x;
}

function MM_swapImage() { //v3.0
  var i,j=0,x,a=MM_swapImage.arguments; document.MM_sr=new Array; for(i=0;i<(a.length-2);i+=3)
   if ((x=MM_findObj(a[i]))!=null){document.MM_sr[j++]=x; if(!x.oSrc) x.oSrc=x.src; x.src=a[i+2];}
}
//-->
</SCRIPT>

<META content="MSHTML 6.00.2900.2180" name=GENERATOR>


<style>
<!--
table.MsoTableGrid
	{border:1.0pt solid windowtext;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Verdana","serif"}
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-parent:"";
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Verdana","serif"}
 li.MsoNormal
	{mso-style-parent:"";
	margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	font-size:12.0pt;
	font-family:"Verdana","serif";
	margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; margin-top:0in}
span.apple-style-span
	{}
h1
	{margin-top:12.0pt;
	margin-right:0in;
	margin-bottom:3.0pt;
	margin-left:0in;
	page-break-after:avoid;
	font-size:16.0pt;
	font-family:"Cambria","serif";
	}
-->
</style>
</HEAD>
<BODY style="TEXT-ALIGN: right" bottomMargin=0 background=images/bg.jpg 
topMargin=0>
<DIV align=center>
<BLOCKQUOTE>
  <TABLE id=table1 cellSpacing=0 cellPadding=0 width=769 border=0>
    <TBODY>
    <TR>
      <TD width=769 colSpan=3 height=195><IMG height=195 
        src="images/header.jpg" width=769 border=0></TD></TR>
    <TR>
      <TD width=31 background=images/left_side_top.jpg height=55>&nbsp;</TD>
      <TD width=695 background=images/top_title.jpg bgColor=#ffffff align="justify">
		<font face="Verdana" size="2">&nbsp;
        </font>
        </TD>
      <TD width=43 background=images/right_side_top.jpg>&nbsp;</TD></TR>
    <TR>
      <TD width=31 background=images/left_side.jpg height=55>&nbsp;</TD>
     <td width="694" background="main.jpg" align=justify bgcolor="#FFFFFF">
				
<form method="get" name="frmSiteSearch" action="executive_commitee_search.asp">
 <font face="Verdana"><font size="2">&nbsp; 
	<input name="imageField" type="image" src="images/search_button.gif" border="0" align="right"></font><input type="hidden" name="mode" value="allwords"><input type="TEXT" name="search" maxlength="50" size="14" style="float: right"></font></form></td>      <TD width=43 background=images/right_side.jpg>&nbsp;</TD></TR>
    <TR>
      <TD vAlign=top width=31 background=images/left_side.jpg>&nbsp;</TD>
      <TD width=695 background=images/main.jpg align="justify">
		<p class="MsoNormal" align="center" style="text-align:center"><b>
		<font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang="EN-GB">MINUTES OF 290TH 
		MEETING OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF IBA HELD ON<br>
		MONDAY, MARCH 31, 2014</span></font></b></p>
		<p class="MsoNormal"><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang="EN-GB">
		The 290th meeting of the Executive Committee of IBA was held on Monday, 
		March 31, 2014 at 9:30 a.m. at Breakout Room, Aman-CED Building, IBA 
		Main Campus. The following were present:</span></font></p>
		<table border="0" width="100%">
			<tr>
				<td width="56" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">1</font></td>
				<td width="286"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Dr. Ishrat Husain</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Dean &amp; Director</font></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="56" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">2</font></td>
				<td width="286"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Dr. Mohammad 
				Nishat</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Associate Dean, FBA</font></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="56" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">3</font></td>
				<td width="286"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Dr. Sayeed Ghani</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Associate Dean, FCS</font></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="56" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">4</font></td>
				<td width="286"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Capt. (R) Ahmed 
				Zaheer, PN</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Registrar</font></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="56" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">5</font></td>
				<td width="286"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Mr. Moeid Sultan</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Director Finance</font></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="56" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">6</font></td>
				<td width="286"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Engr. 
				Rehan-ul-Ambia Riaz</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Director Projects</font></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="56" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7</font></td>
				<td width="286"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Mr. Imran Batada</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Head of ICT Department</font></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="56" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">8</font></td>
				<td width="286"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Mr. Adnan Hameed</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Head of HR</font></td>
			</tr>
		</table>
		<p><font face="Verdana" size="2">The following attended the meeting on 
		special invitation:<br>
		<br>
		1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mr. Fahad Rahman,&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Head of Internal Audit <br>
		2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mr. Muhammad Khurram Khalid,&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Assistant Manager (Internal Audit)<br>
		3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mr. Mahmood Ali,&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Senior Manager Projects<br>
		4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mr. Shakeel Anwar,&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Project Engineer (HEC Projects)<br>
		5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mr. Abdul Rahman,&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Senior Manager (Contracts)<br>
		<br>
		<b>The following items were discussed:</b> <br>
		<br>
		<b>Item No.1 <u>To consider and approve changes in the Transaction 
		Authority Policy and Procedure.</u></b> <br>
		<br>
		1.1 Mr. Fahad Rahman stated that some amendments in the Transaction 
		Authority Policy and Procedures had become necessary for the sake of 
		conformity with the SPPRA rules and the internal restructuring i.e. 
		change in designations and abolition of certain positions; Director 
		H.R., Director ICT for example. Limits have also been revised according 
		to SPPRA rules. Relevant changes were discussed and cleared with 
		concerned persons, and the suggestions given by directors/EC members 
		have been incorporated in the revised documents. He said that as 
		suggested managers have been empowered and some approvals which were 
		earlier given at the Director’s level can now be given at the manager’s 
		level.<br>
		<br>
		1.2 The Dean &amp; Director said that they were following the SPPRA rules 
		but it was not documented as the Manual still showed the PPRA Rules. Now 
		the shift from PPRA to SPPRA has been codified. He said that the 
		Transaction Authority belongs to us but for the process we have to 
		follow the SPPRA rules. He said that he had suggested that powers be 
		delegated to senior managers and managers so that their grooming can 
		also take place and they can exercise decision making ability. Those at 
		the higher level will oversee if their managers are working properly or 
		not. He asked Mr. Fahad Rahman to highlight the major changes that have 
		been proposed in the draft.<br>
		<br>
		1.3 Mr. Fahad Rahman highlighted the changes made in accordance with the 
		SPPRA rules. The following comments / observations were made by the 
		members:</font></p>
		<table border="0" width="100%" style="border-collapse: collapse">
			<tr>
				<td>
				<ul>
					<li>
					<p align="justify"><font face="Verdana" size="2">On the 
					maximum limit for RFQ i.e. three quotations for standard 
					specification purchases which was (as per PPRA) Rs.500,000 
					has been reduced to Rs.100,000/- the Dean &amp; Director said 
					that keeping in view the inflation the SPPRA may be asked to 
					enhance the limit. </font></li>
					<li>
					<p align="justify"><font face="Verdana" size="2">The Dean &amp; 
					Director clarified that the Resource Mobilization will be 
					with the Finance Department. </font></li>
					<li>
					<p align="justify"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Since we 
					are empowering our managers they and the building incharge 
					should also be provided petty cash.</font></li>
					<li>
					<p align="justify"><font face="Verdana" size="2">As 
					activities keep on changing, therefore, the definitions 
					should be more generic / more encompassing. There should be 
					generic responsibilities rather than specific. There should 
					be some language which allows the future centres also to be 
					able to operate as it is a forward looking document.</font></li>
					<li>
					<p align="justify"><font face="Verdana" size="2">The Dean &amp; 
					Director said that final approval on RFQ for Student 
					Societies is the responsibility of the Finance Department, 
					not of the Students’ Counselor as proposed.</font></li>
					<li>
					<p align="justify"><font face="Verdana" size="2">On 
					Facilities management and related matters, the Director 
					Projects suggested that along with renovation and repairs of 
					existing buildings, additional work (addition of a bath 
					room, under-ground water tank for example) should be 
					included. </font></li>
					<li>
					<p align="justify"><font face="Verdana" size="2">The Dean &amp; 
					Director asked the Registrar and the Head of H.R to 
					incorporate the changes in the Code Book too. He asked the 
					Registrar to anticipate the changes / additions in view of 
					his visit to LUMS and get them incorporated in the TAP. He 
					asked Mr. Fahad Rahman to discuss with the Registrar to get 
					some new ideas.</font></li>
					<li>
					<p align="justify"><font face="Verdana" size="2">The 
					Registrar suggested to enhance the printing limit from 
					Rs.50,000 to Rs.200,000.</font></li>
					<li>
					<p align="justify"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Mr. Fahad 
					Rahman reported that for pick / drop of faculty at airport 
					at late night, drivers usually take the vehicle to their 
					home from where they go to the airport. He said that now 
					they have suggested to avail Metro Cab facilities during 
					8:00 p.m to 8:00 a.m. </font></li>
					<li>
					<p align="justify"><font face="Verdana" size="2">The Dean &amp; 
					Director observed that there is no mention of the sports 
					equipment; their maintenance, purchase, and serving 
					refreshment when there is any match or event. To an 
					observation the Dean &amp; Director clarified that students will 
					have to bring in their own table tennis and badminton 
					rackets; IBA will provide ball and shuttle cock. </font>
					</li>
					<li>
					<p align="justify"><font face="Verdana" size="2">The Dean &amp; 
					Director said that when the TAP is finalized he would like 
					to have a meeting with all concerned.</font></li>
				</ul>
				</td>
			</tr>
		</table>
		<p><font face="Verdana" size="2">DECISION &amp; ACTION<br>
		<br>
		1.4 The Committee approved the comments / observations made above and 
		asked the Head of Internal Audit to incorporate those suggestions in the 
		Policy and present it to the A&amp;FC in its next meeting.<br>
		<br>
		1.5 The Registrar and the Head of H.R. would incorporate the changes in 
		the TAP (when finalized) in the Code Book.<br>
		<br>
		<br>
		<b>Item No.2 <u>To consider and approve cost overrun on the New Girls 
		Hostel Projects and cost of additional works on External Development 
		Works.</u></b><br>
		<br>
		2.1 The Director Projects reported that the project was awarded at a 
		cost of Rs.94.483 million and has been completed at a cost of Rs.107.396 
		million. The reasons of cost over run of Rs.12.913 million (a variation 
		of 13.66 % of contract amount) are as follows:<br>
		<br>
		<b>a) MS Tubular Sun Shade Louvers:</b><br>
		MS Tubular sun shade Louvers also shown in tender drawing for block -3 
		and 4 like Front block of the hostel but not taken in construction 
		drawings and BOQ due to cost involvement. During construction on 
		architect’s suggestions, management allowed to carry out this work for 
		architectural look, this work is an additional work.<br>
		<br>
		<b>b) Supply of Split ACs and Kitchen Equipments:</b><br>
		These are owner furnished material not included in BOQ. At the time of 
		completion of respective building, management has decided that above 
		said work are necessary; therefore the said work was incorporated in the 
		scope of contractor through a Variation Order.<br>
		<br>
		2.2 The Director Projects reported that the following additional works 
		pertaining to “External Development and Landscaping Work” had to be 
		completed which were not part of the original Bill of Quantity work for 
		the buildings and could only be taken up after the completion of 
		building. These works were not incorporated in the contract of M/s AH 
		Construction. At the time of completion of respective building, 
		management decided that these works are necessary for providing proper 
		access and the outlook of the building. Because of the following reasons 
		the said works had to be done through the contractor already working on 
		the building through variation order: </font></p>
		<table border="0" width="100%" style="border-collapse: collapse">
			<tr>
				<td>
				<ul>
					<li><font face="Verdana" size="2">Additional time involved 
					in going for tendering process</font></li>
					<li><font face="Verdana" size="2">The works which were the 
					extension of the existing building works and as such 
					sewerage lines and water supply lines were needed to make it 
					livable.</font></li>
					<li><font face="Verdana" size="2">Landscape works had to be 
					integrated with the on-going works in the exterior of the 
					building</font></li>
					<li><font face="Verdana" size="2">Kitchen equipment, ICT 
					Passive works and air-conditioning units and miscellaneous 
					works were required.</font></li>
					<li><font face="Verdana" size="2">Economy of rates as the 
					contractor was already mobilized </font></li>
				</ul>
				</td>
			</tr>
		</table>
		<p><font face="Verdana" size="2">2.3 The Director Projects requested the 
		Executive Committee to recommend to the Audit and Finance Committee to 
		approve: (a) the variation of 13.66% on the main contract which is 
		within 15% and (b) the additional cost of Rs.11.107 million incurred on 
		the additional works for external development. This will be financed out 
		of the budget amount earmarked for External Development of Staff Colony.
		<br>
		<br>
		DECISION<br>
		<br>
		2.4 The Committee recommended to the A&amp;FC to approve (a) the variation 
		of 13.66% on the main contract for new Girls’ Hostel which is within 15% 
		and (b) the additional cost of Rs.11.107 million incurred on the 
		additional works for external development which is to be financed out of 
		the budget amount earmarked for External Development of Staff Colony.<br>
		<br>
		ACTION<br>
		<br>
		2.5 The Director Projects would present the recommendation of the EC to 
		the A&amp;FC for consideration and approval.<br>
		<br>
		<br>
		<b>Item No. 3 <u>To consider and approve the cost over run on the 
		Visiting Faculty Hostel Projects. </u></b><br>
		<br>
		3.1 The Director Projects reported that the Visiting Faculty Hostel 
		Project was awarded at the cost of Rs.88.132 million and has been 
		completed at a cost of Rs.98.102 million, the reasons of cost over run 
		of Rs.9.77 million (a variation of 11.3%) are due to quantities 
		variation and some additional works in the building.<br>
		<br>
		3.2 The Director Projects said that the following additional works 
		pertaining to “External Development and Landscaping Works” and “sewerage 
		Line works” had to be constructed which were not included in the Bill of 
		Quantity work awarded for the building construction and could be taken 
		up after the completion of building: <br>
		<br>
		<b>a) External Work and Landscaping around Building:</b><br>
		External Development and landscaping work were shown in the drawings but 
		were not included in the BOQ and the contract awarded to M/s Al-Shafi 
		Enterprises. At the time of completion of the building, it was observed 
		that the front area needed proper access (road), parking area and the 
		landscaping, without which VFH could not be made functional. As the time 
		of inauguration was approaching fast, it was decided to assign this 
		additional work in November 2013 to the existing contractor M/s Al Shafi 
		who was already mobilized and could work on the emergent need of IBA. 
		The inauguration was held on 6th January 2014 by which time all the 
		required work were completed.<br>
		<br>
		<b>b) Sewerage work around Building:</b><br>
		<br>
		Sewerage work was also necessary for building sewerage system. It was 
		also not included in the existing BOQ.<br>
		<br>
		<b>c) Internal Sewerage 18” dia:</b><br>
		<br>
		Existing damaged 8” dia sewerage line in the Staff Colony had to be 
		replaced with 18” dia pipes. Although this work was not part of building 
		contact it had to be done as Karachi University sewerage water had been 
		overflowing in front of the building. As per instruction of management 
		this work was added in M/s Al Shafi scope by Variation Order.<br>
		<br>
		<b>d) Water Supply Line: </b><br>
		This work was necessary for the supply of water to the VFR.<br>
		<br>
		<b>e) Sewerage Line External Connection:</b><br>
		Changing of sewerage line was not envisaged earlier. However, while 
		executing the internal sewerage it became apparent that it had to be 
		connected to Karachi University System. This work was included in the 
		scope of M/s Al Shfi Enterprises through a Variation Order.<br>
		<br>
		<b>f) Gas Line:</b><br>
		To supply the Gas to the Hostel laying of Gas line has been added in the 
		scope of M/s Al Shafi Enterprises through a Variation Order. <br>
		<br>
		3.3 At the time of completion of the building, management decided that 
		the above works were necessary for providing proper access and to make 
		the building functional. The said works had to be awarded to the 
		Contractor on site M/s. Al Shafi Enterprises for the following reasons:</font></p>
		<table border="0" width="100%" style="border-collapse: collapse">
			<tr>
				<td>
				<ul>
					<li><font face="Verdana" size="2">Time involved in new 
					tendering process.</font></li>
					<li><font face="Verdana" size="2">These works were the 
					natural extension of the existing building works and without 
					sewerage lines, water supply lines and Gas line, the 
					residents could not use the facility.</font></li>
					<li><font face="Verdana" size="2">Landscaping works had to 
					be integrated with ongoing work in the exterior of building</font></li>
					<li><font face="Verdana" size="2">Economy of rates as the 
					contractor was already mobilized.</font></li>
				</ul>
				</td>
			</tr>
		</table>
		<p><font face="Verdana" size="2">3.4 The Director Projects requested the 
		Executive Committee to recommend to the Audit and Finance Committee, to 
		approve (a) the variation of 11.3% on the main contract which is within 
		15% and (b) Rs.12.665 million incurred on the additional works done 
		which were not part of the main contract including the exterior works of 
		the building without which building could not be made functional.<br>
		<br>
		DECISION<br>
		<br>
		3.5 The Committee recommended to the A&amp;FC to approve (a) the variation 
		of 11.3% on the main contract which is within 15% and (b) award of the 
		additional work of Rs.12.665 million on External Development for making 
		the building accessible and functional to M.s Al-Shafi Enterprises. <br>
		<br>
		ACTION<br>
		<br>
		3.6 The Director Projects would present the recommendations to the A&amp;FC 
		for consideration and approval.<br>
		<br>
		<br>
		<b>Item No. 4 <u>To consider and approve the Flag area and Monument 
		Garden.</u></b><br>
		<br>
		4.1 The Director Projects presented the drawings of the monument garden 
		and flag area prepared and submitted by the Architects M/s. NBCL based 
		on the earlier advice of the Executive Committee for consideration and 
		approval. He said that there would be 25 pillars each with a height of 
		10 feet. The four sides of the pillar can be used for the names of gold 
		medallists. <br>
		<br>
		4.2 The Registrar suggested to show one tile with hypothetical names 
		engraved on it. The Director Projects said that he would show a block 
		drawing. <br>
		<br>
		DECISION<br>
		<br>
		4.3 The Committee approved the flag area and monument garden as 
		presented by the Director Projects and requested the Director Projects 
		to start working on it. <br>
		<br>
		<br>
		<b>Item No.5 <u>To consider and approve the pending payments of M/s. 
		Integ. </u></b><u><br>
		</u><br>
		5.1 The Director Projects reported that M/s Integ were engaged in 
		various projects of IBA since last 5 years and they performed very well. 
		During the currency of work they were asked to provide the Project 
		Management services for different works also as those works were related 
		to their project such as construction of pergola canopy work at Academic 
		Block, City Campus. They completed all their jobs as per the 
		satisfaction of IBA Projects Department. In order to financially close 
		their services following are the details of outstanding which they have 
		requested to release:<br>
		<br>
		1. Existing Academic Block Main Campus&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Rs. 36,989<br>
		2. Existing Auditorium Main Campus&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Rs. 82,656<br>
		3. Existing Academic Block Main Campus&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Rs. 6,139<br>
		4. Pergola Canopy Works at Academic Block Main Campus&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Rs. 300,000<br>
		5. Administration Block City campus&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Rs. 608,028<br>
		6. Student Center Payment for July and August&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
		<u>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Rs. 331,774</u><br>
		<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Rs.1,365,586<br>
		<br>
		5.2 The Director Projects requested the Executive Committee to approve 
		the release of Rs.1,365,586 and financial closure of M/s Integ’s 
		Projects. <br>
		<br>
		5.3 The Dean &amp; Director wanted to know as to what was the original cost 
		of these six projects and what were then completed costs. The Director 
		Projects replied that the original cost of the projects was Rs.454 
		million and the actual completed cost was Rs.451 million. The Dean &amp; 
		Director said that if the completed cost is less than the original cost, 
		how can Integ claim additional fee. Mr. Abdul Rahman said that the claim 
		includes project management fee for the extended period. The Director 
		Projects said that some payments were withheld due to non-submission / 
		late submission of bills. He further said that their claim also includes 
		supervision for additional work related to pergola. <br>
		<br>
		5.4 The Dean &amp; Director said that there were three types of payments all 
		lumped in this proposal (a) payments withheld for work already done to 
		which they are entitled, (b) payments for extended period during which 
		they rendered services, and (c) additional work of pergola assigned to 
		them. He said that the EC cannot take a decision unless this break up is 
		available. He asked the Director Finance to ask Mr. Jahanzeb to check 
		the original time schedule and completion time schedule and verify the 
		claim. He said that if the Director Finance is satisfied that the claims 
		are justified, he can make the payment. <br>
		<br>
		DECISION &amp; ACTION<br>
		<br>
		5.5 The Director Finance would get the claims of Integ verified and 
		based on the verifications he would release the payment.<br>
		<br>
		<br>
		<b>Item No.6 <u>To consider and approve the Amendment in Contract of 
		M/s. Al-Shafi Enterprises to make advance payment against guarantee.</u></b><br>
		<br>
		6.1 The Director Projects reported that the contract for the 
		Administration Building, Main Campus was awarded to M/s Al Shafi 
		Enterprises in March 2012. The original contract duration for the said 
		project was 18 months. Due to genuine reasons the project extension was 
		granted to contractor till March 15, 2014, and currently the extension 
		is being processed for completion by June 30th 2014 because of last 
		minute layout changes and hold up on the fourth floor. The contractor so 
		far completed the work as per given schedule and assured that they will 
		complete the job within the given time. The Mobilization advance given 
		to contractor has been recovered fully from their running bills till 
		date. <br>
		<br>
		6.2 In order to expedite the work and timely completion of the project, 
		the contractor requested for an advance amounting to Rs.30 million 
		against the insurance guarantee to meet the cash flow requirement of the 
		project. The contractor’s request was sent to M/s NESPAK (Project 
		Manager) for scrutiny and to determine the genuineness of cash flow 
		requirement. M/s NESPAK have submitted their recommendation of Rs.20 
		million in order to facilitate the cash flow of the project. IBA 
		projects department scrutinized the case and based on the recommendation 
		of M/s NESPAK, recommends that Rs.20 million may be released as an 
		advance against the insurance guarantee as the given mobilization 
		advance has already been recovered fully.<br>
		<br>
		6.3 The Director Projects informed the Committee that the contractor has 
		billed an amount of Rs.81 million out of Rs.171 million therefore 
		billing of about 90 million is still remaining out of which the secured 
		advance of Rs.20 million shall be easily deducted from the upcoming 
		bills of the contractor. The Procurement Committee in its meeting held 
		on 29th March 2014 has checked the details and has recommended to the 
		Executive Committee to approve the secured advance and the necessary 
		amendment in contract. The Director Projects requested the Executive 
		Committee to allow the amendment in contract so that secured advance of 
		Rs.20 million may be released to contractor.<br>
		<br>
		DECISION<br>
		<br>
		6.4 The Committee approved the recommendations for the release of Rs.20 
		million to M/s. Al-Shafi Enterprises as an advance against the insurance 
		guarantee by making amendment in the contract.<br>
		<br>
		<br>
		<b>Item No.7 <u>To consider and approve the Cash Award recommendations 
		for Support Staff.</u><br>
		</b><br>
		7.1 The Registrar presented the names of six staff members of Admin &amp; 
		Maintenance Department who have performed duties beyond the call of duty 
		and either saved money for IBA or made IBA proud through demonstrating 
		outstanding sense of responsibility, thereby becoming entitled to 
		appreciation through being given cash award. He said that approving cash 
		award in respect of the individuals will have far reaching effect in 
		bolstering their confidence as well as providing incentive to them for 
		continuing to perform in the same zeal and dedication. <br>
		<br>
		7.2 The Committee was informed that one of the nominees Mr. Muhammad 
		Abid, Carpenter has already received a cash award in 2012. The Dean &amp; 
		Director said that Mr. Abid has done special work for which he deserves 
		cash reward. The Dean &amp; Director said that all the six cannot be given 
		the cash award. Some of them may be considered next year.<br>
		<br>
		DECISION<br>
		<br>
		7.3 The Committee decided to give cash award to the following three 
		employees of Admin &amp; Maintenance Department:</font></p>
		<div align="center">
			<table border="1" width="61%" style="border-collapse: collapse">
				<tr>
					<td width="44"><b><font face="Verdana" size="2">S.No.</font></b></td>
					<td width="187"><b><font face="Verdana" size="2">Name</font></b></td>
					<td width="95"><b><font face="Verdana" size="2">Designation</font></b></td>
					<td><b><font face="Verdana" size="2">Reward</font></b></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td width="44" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">
					1.</font></td>
					<td width="187"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Mr. Muhammad 
					Abid</font></td>
					<td width="95"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Carpenter</font></td>
					<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Rs.10,000/-</font></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td width="44" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">
					2.</font></td>
					<td width="187"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Mr. Faisal 
					Gulzar</font></td>
					<td width="95"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Electrician</font></td>
					<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Rs.5,000/-</font></td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td width="44" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">
					3.</font></td>
					<td width="187"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Mr. Sher 
					Mohammad Jokhio</font></td>
					<td width="95"><font face="Verdana" size="2">Driver</font></td>
					<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Rs.5,000/-</font></td>
				</tr>
			</table>
		</div>
		<p><font face="Verdana" size="2"><b>Item No. 8 <u>To consider and 
		approve the Convocation Planning 2014.</u></b><br>
		<br>
		8.1 The Registrar said that the Dean &amp; Director had instructed him and 
		the Director Projects to prepare a jointly agreed schedule with 
		milestones and deadlines for the Convocation Planning 2014 along with 
		completion of projects. Accordingly, the Registrar presented the 
		following schedule:<br>
&nbsp;</font></p>
		<table border="1" width="100%" style="border-collapse: collapse">
			<tr>
				<td width="43"><b><font face="Verdana" size="2">S. No.</font></b></td>
				<td><b><font face="Verdana" size="2">Activity</font></b></td>
				<td><b><font face="Verdana" size="2">Date/Remarks</font></b></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="43" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">1.</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Fix the date on which the 
				Convocation will be held</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Saturday, December 6, 2014</font></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="43" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">2.</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Write to the Governor to 
				obtain his approval</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Letter sent on March 19, 2014</font></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="43" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">3.</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">After the approval is obtained 
				letter to be sent to the President requesting his presence on 
				the date of convocation</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Reply from Governor House is 
				awaited.</font></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="43" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">4.</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Library, Admin. Multipurpose 
				buildings are fully functional and shifting has taken place from 
				the CED to Admin. Building</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">November 1, 2014</font></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="43" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">5.</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">External development works of 
				internal roads, pathways, courtyard, parking, drainage, water 
				connections, landscaping, power connections are all in place and 
				fully functioning.</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">November 30, 2014</font></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="43" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">6.</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Internal arrangements for 
				convocation – assembling, robing, refreshments placing etc. are 
				finalized</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">October 30, 2014</font></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="43" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">7.</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">Number of guests, parents, 
				students and faculty is determined and the list of outside 
				invitees is initiated, agreed and finalized.</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">October 30, 2014</font></td>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td width="43" align="center"><font face="Verdana" size="2">8.</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">All other tasks which are 
				required to be done (despatch of cards, security clearances 
				etc.)</font></td>
				<td><font face="Verdana" size="2">November 10, 2014</font></td>
			</tr>
		</table>
		<p><font face="Verdana" size="2">8.2 The Dean &amp; Director asked the 
		Director Projects to ensure that the activities listed in 4 and 5 above 
		are completed within the deadline. The Director Projects assured that he 
		would try his best to complete the job much before the deadline.<br>
		<br>
		DECISION<br>
		<br>
		8.3 The Committee noted the activities and the deadlines for completion 
		of those activities. <br>
		<br>
		<br>
		<b>Item No.9 <u>Any other item with the permission of the Chair.</u></b><u><br>
		</u><br>
		<b>a) Up-dates on implementation of EC decisions.<br>
		</b><br>
		9.1 <b>Power Plant at Main Campus:</b> The Dean &amp; Director asked as to 
		when the power plant with synchronization would be completed at the Main 
		Campus. Mr. Mehmood Ali replied that by the end of April 2014 it would 
		be completed.<br>
		<br>
		9.2 <b>Lecture Recording System:</b> Mr. Imran Batada said that the 
		proposal was taken to the Technical Committee where Dr. Shakeel Khoja 
		wanted some time to explore some more options. The Committee’s main 
		focus was on the price. The Dean &amp; Director said that he wants lecture 
		recording system to be functional in September this year.<br>
		<br>
		9.3 <b>Procurement of CCTV Cameras:</b> The Registrar reported that the 
		additional CCTV cameras would be installed at both the campuses 
		excluding Aman Tower by the end of this month. <br>
		<br>
		9.4 <b>Installation of Glass Vestibule on Entrance of Aman-CED Building, 
		Main Campus:</b> The Director Projects reported that tender for the 
		procurement of Glass Vestibule has been floated.<br>
		<br>
		9.5 <b>Smart Board:</b> Mr. Imran Batada reported that he has arranged a 
		demonstration of Smart Board next week.<br>
		<br>
		9.6 <b>Courtyard:</b> The Director Projects reported that design for the 
		court yard has been approved and estimate of Rs.19 million has been 
		given to the donor. However, he said that his understanding is that the 
		donor may get it built for IBA. The Registrar suggested to leave the 
		area the donor has to complete and the rest of the area should be 
		completed so that the donor may also complete it. <br>
		<br>
		9.7 <b>Sewerage Line at Main Campus:</b> Mr. Mehmood Ali said that they 
		are facing problem of shifting temporary offices and the site office of 
		Aman-CED Building. He said that for the sewage line they have to 
		demolish the site office. The Dean &amp; Director said that whatever, he 
		needs to do he should do but he wants the sewerage line to be completed.
		<br>
		<br>
		9.8 <b>Addition of Pergola at City Campus:</b> The Director Projects 
		reported that tender for the pergola at City Campus has been floated.
		<br>
		<br>
		9.9 <b>Fire Alarm System:</b> The Dean &amp; Director said that the 
		Registrar is the Project Manager for the Fire Alarm System and he should 
		get it installed.<br>
		<br>
		9.10 <b>Philips Energy Conservation:</b> The Director Projects reported 
		that he has talked to the Philips officials and they have made 
		preparations. He said that he would provide space to them.<br>
		<br>
		9.11 <b>Lockers for students:</b> The Registrar said that they have 12 
		lockers which the students can purchase. He said that PhD scholars have 
		asked for the lockers. The Dean &amp; Director said that MS, PhD and 
		Graduate students should be provided lockers. <br>
		<br>
		There being no other issue, the meeting was concluded with a vote of 
		thanks to the Chair.<br>
		<br>
		<br>
		<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ______________&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		__________________&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		________________________ <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Dr. Sayeed Ghani&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Dr. Muhammad Nishat&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Capt. (R) Ahmed Zaheer, PN <br>
		<br>
		<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ___________&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		______________________&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ___________&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		_____________ <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Moeid Sultan&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Engr. Rehanul Ambia Riaz&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Imran 
		Batada&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		Adnan Hameed <br>
		<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
		<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		APPROVED<br>
		<br>
		<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
		DEAN &amp; DIRECTOR</font></p>
		<p class="MsoNormal"><font face="Verdana" size="2"><span lang="EN-GB">&nbsp;</span></font></TD>
      <TD width=43 background=images/right_side.jpg>&nbsp;</TD>
      </TR>
    <TR>
      <TD width=769 background=images/pg_btm.jpg colSpan=3 
      height=103>&nbsp;</TD></TR>
    <TR>
      <TD width=769 colSpan=3><IMG height=43 src="images/footer_.gif" 
        width=769 border=0></TD></TR>
    <TR>
      <TD width=769 colSpan=3>&nbsp;</TD></TR>
    <TR>
      <TD width=769 colSpan=3>&nbsp;</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE></BLOCKQUOTE></DIV></BODY></HTML>